hey YouTube what's going on this is John
and Cody from let's start a new game and
today we're gonna hit you a little bit
of a different kind of video this is a
unboxing for pokemon black and white
version 2 yeah casaya decided to go out
there and go get that game these games
today as you can see which is weird
because i didn't exactly care that much
about the first one but this one seems
to be a lot more different yeah I don't
know seems better I mean I honestly
recommend getting it we did not flower
so far do it yeah a couple of hours this
message so so far you got so far can I
look at Leiter's here's John unboxing
black to black to black too yep and
whatnot yeah it was a me neither sub
similarities and stuff but the coolest
part i got gotta say guys is fighting
old generation pokemon i mean come that
was that was what we grew they brought
them right back in this one right off
the bat so yeah it's got some got some
cool features like i like the infrared
battling we tried that out a little bit
yeah got some weird blue fighting thing
with your face and scanner we got out
that some of the multiplayer features
are a bit weird yeah here's a mint
little flipping through the manual here
and here i am unboxing my copy of white
too yep it's pretty cool pretty cool one
i'm leaving found any yes different
abilities between the two games i guess
is they're nice a pretty similar at the
moma they seem like similar style but
there's a few little subtle differences
like though including all the old
pokemon but i seem to like I i I'm a fan
of the old best part I suppose so far
I've noticed is there they added a whole
new pokedex
that's quick it's very cool here's a
little in-depth flip through the manual
not very not very fat or not very slow
but flip through the manual rope but
really cares about the menu by the way
don't try those club nintendo codes I've
already done them uh check about their
stats but uh well yeah here's our little
unboxing guys uh I hope you definitely
recommend picking this up so far great
cool cool little games yeah hey take it
easy thanks for watching yep face